Update README.md to add intentions and revision policy (#30)
gbdev/hardware.inc: README.md

# `hardware.inc`
### Gameboy Hardware definitions

> `hardware.inc` has been the standard include file containing Game Boy hardware definitions for use in [rgbds](https://github.com/gbdev/rgbds) projects for over 20 years. Our intent here at gbdev is to continue to use `hardware.inc` as the standard as it has been for all these years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hardware.inc` has been the standard include file containing Game Boy hardware definitions for use in [RGBDS](https://rgbds.gbdev.io) projects for over 20 years.
```
I think that this is self-obvious enough, and if it really needs to be said, it should be said after the historical lines below?

The file was originally created by Jeff Frohwein in 1997, who still hosts [his latest version (2.3)](http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/hardware.zip) on his great [Dev'rs](http://devrs.com) website.

Although Jeff tried to version control the file with a rudimentary change log at the top of the file, people have added small changes throughout the years, often without bumping the version number.

> This repo is an attempt at version control, using [@AntonioND](http://github.com/AntonioND)'s fork as the baseline.

Reviewer: Can we call it the new reference, at this point?

Reviewer: If this repo is the new reference for `hardware.inc` (not to the GB hardware! That's Pan Docs), then it shouldn't be called "an attempt at version control" anymore. We should however keep that it is based on AntonioND's fork.

Author: Edited in latest commit to reflect this

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Contributing

```

> Breaking changes, like those in [72ec03f](https://github.com/gbdev/hardware.inc/commit/72ec03f835e72be83a1ef189a4a9eac0fbdf39e2) receive a major version bump, while smaller changes which add new features but do not make any breaking changes receive a minor version bump.

Reviewer: This is tentative, so feel free to disagree with and debate the following:
```suggestion
This repository's `master` branch should be considered production.
That is, each commit represents a new release, which thus needs the embedded version number bumped (and an entry added to the changelog at the beginning of the file).

We follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org).
That is, breaking changes (such as those in [72ec03f](https://github.com/gbdev/hardware.inc/commit/72ec03f835e72be83a1ef189a4a9eac0fbdf39e2)) increase the major version, backwards-compatible changes (typically additions) only increase the minor version, and bugfixes only increase the patch level.

Changes to the comments should be considered a bugfix.
```

# `hardware.inc`
### Gameboy Hardware definitions
`hardware.inc` has been the standard include file containing Game Boy hardware definitions for use in [RGBDS](https://rgbds.gbdev.io) projects for over 20 years.

The file was originally created by Jeff Frohwein in 1997, who still hosts [his latest version (2.3)](http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/hardware.zip) on his great [Dev'rs](http://devrs.com) website.

Although Jeff tried to version control the file with a rudimentary change log at the top of the file, people have added small changes throughout the years, often without bumping the version number.

> This repo is an attempt at version control, using [@AntonioND](http://github.com/AntonioND)'s fork as the baseline. It has become the new official reference for documentation of the Game Boy and the underlying hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is an attempt at version control, using [@AntonioND](http://github.com/AntonioND)'s fork as the baseline.
It has become the new official reference for documentation of the Game Boy and the underlying hardware.
```
I'll also update the version-checking macro accordingly.

## Contributing

> This repository's `master` branch should be considered production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository's `master` branch should be considered production:
```

> That is, each commit represents a new release, which thus needs the embedded version number bumped (and an entry added to the changelog at the beginning of the file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each commit represents a new release, requiring the embedded version number to be bumped (and an entry to be added to the changelog at the beginning of the file).
```

> We follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org),
```

Author: Wouldn't the period be more grammatically correct in this case?

Reviewer: A semicolon, actually.

Author: Updated to be the semicolon instead as per your suggestion, ISSO.

> That is, breaking changes (such as those in [72ec03f](https://github.com/gbdev/hardware.inc/commit/72ec03f835e72be83a1ef189a4a9eac0fbdf39e2)) increase the major version, backwards-compatible changes (typically additions) only increase the minor version, and bugfixes only increase the patch level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Breaking changes (such as those in [72ec03f](https://github.com/gbdev/hardware.inc/commit/72ec03f835e72be83a1ef189a4a9eac0fbdf39e2)) increase the major version, backwards-compatible changes (typically additions) only increase the minor version, and bugfixes only increase the patch level.
```

Although Jeff tried to version control the file with a rudimentary change log at the top of the file, people have added small changes throughout the years, often without bumping the version number.

This repo is an attempt at version control, using [@AntonioND](http://github.com/AntonioND)'s fork as the baseline.

Breaking changes, like those in [72ec03f](https://github.com/gbdev/hardware.inc/commit/72ec03f835e72be83a1ef189a4a9eac0fbdf39e2), receive a major version bump, while smaller changes, not meant to break anything, yet are important enough to require a feature addition, recieve a minor version bump.

## Contributors

* Jones (created the original `hardware.inc`, now lost)
* Carsten Sørensen (whose ideas Jeff based his file on)
* Jeff Frohwein
* AntonioND

> * BlitterObjectBob, tobiasvl, ISSOtm, avivace, GreenAndEievui, QuinnPainter, rondnelson99, daid, Hacktix, sukus21, alvaro-cuesta, basxto

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* BlitterObjectBob, tobiasvl, ISSOtm, avivace, Eievui, QuinnPainter, rondnelson99, daid, Hacktix, sukus21, alvaro-cuesta, basxto
```
May as well change this while I'm reviewing :)

Reviewer: Should we add links to everyone who can? Should we instead just link to [the contributors page](https://github.com/gbdev/hardware.inc/graphs/contributors) for those who can?

Reviewer 3: We could always do both :)
